chore: release v0.13.1 (#1578)
CQCL/hugr: hugr-cli/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.13.1 (2024-10-14)

> This release bumps the version to be inline with the other `hugr-*` crates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release bumps the version to align with the other `hugr-*` crates.
```
